test parameter clarification (#104)
poanetwork/token-bridge: README.md

| `USER_ADDRESS` | An account - the current owner of coins/tokens. |
| `USER_ADDRESS_PRIVATE_KEY` | A private key belonging to the account. |
| `HOME_BRIDGE_ADDRESS` | Address of the bridge in the Home network to send transactions. |

> | `HOME_MIN_AMOUNT_PER_TX` | Value (in _eth_ or tokens) to be sent in one transaction for the Home network. This should match the value specified in the `poa-bridge-contracts/deploy/.env` file. The default value in that file is 500000000000000000, which is equivilant to 0.5   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `HOME_MIN_AMOUNT_PER_TX` | Value (in _eth_ or tokens) to be sent in one transaction for the Home network. This should be greater or equal to the value specified in the `poa-bridge-contracts/deploy/.env` file. The default value in that file is 500000000000000000, which is equivalent to 0.5   |
```

| `FOREIGN_BRIDGE_ADDRESS` | Address of the bridge in the Foreign network to send transactions. |

> | `FOREIGN_MIN_AMOUNT_PER_TX` | Value (in _eth_ or tokens) to be sent in one transaction for the Foreign network. This should match the value specified in the `poa-bridge-contracts/deploy.env` file. The default value in that file is 500000000000000000, which is equivilant to 0.5 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `FOREIGN_MIN_AMOUNT_PER_TX` | Value (in _eth_ or tokens) to be sent in one transaction for the Foreign network. This should be greater or equal to the value specified in the `poa-bridge-contracts/deploy.env` file. The default value in that file is 500000000000000000, which is equivalent to 0.5 |
```

Reviewer 2: Also, it says `deploy.env` when it should be `deploy/.env`.

> | `ERC20_TOKEN_ADDRESS` |  An address of the token deployed on the Home side for `ERC20-to-ERC20` mode. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ERC20_TOKEN_ADDRESS` |  An address of the token deployed on the Foreign side for `ERC20-to-ERC20` mode. |
```

> | `BRIDGEABLE_TOKEN_ADDRESS` | An address of the token deployed on the Home side for `Native-to-ERC20` mode or on the Foreign side for `ERC20-to-ERC20` (specified as erc677 in the `poa-bridge-contracts/deploy/bridgeDeploymentResults.json` file). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `BRIDGEABLE_TOKEN_ADDRESS` | An address of the token deployed on the Foreign side for `Native-to-ERC20` mode or on the Home side for `ERC20-to-ERC20` (specified as erc677 in the `poa-bridge-contracts/deploy/bridgeDeploymentResults.json` file). |
```
